<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                template="./../template/requesterTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">

    <ui:define name="content">

        <h3>Learn about CareTaskPro</h3>
        <br/>
        <br/>
        <h4>Services</h4>
        <br/>
        <p>CareTaskPro platform provides services that fall into different categories such as Housework, Companionship and Healthcare. As our valued customers, you may choose preferred helper for your required services. 
        </p>
        <br/>        
        <p>Once your task is posted, our helper would accept the task and the payment would be created and recorded as a pending payment.  If your task is not accepted by any helper by the time when it is ONE hour before the start time of task, the task would be cancelled temporarily, and our system admin would help you handle the task. 3 days after the end time of your task, if there is no complain from you, your task would be marked as completed and your payment would be market as completed.
        </p>
        <br/>
        <br/>
        <h4>Charge Rate</h4>
        <br/>
        <table >
            <tr>
                <th>Helper Type</th>
                <th>Charge Rate ($/minute)</th> 

            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Professional</td>
                <td>$0.5</td> 
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Non-professional</td>
                <td>$0.4</td> 
            </tr>
        </table>
        <br/>
        <br/>
        <h4>How to Get Start</h4>
        <br/>
        <p>Step1: Register as our Requester</p> 
        <p>Step2: Create a task, specify start and end date and your preferred helpers. You may get to know more our helpers in "View All Helper".</p>
        <p>Step3: View tasks pending, assigned, completed. You may complain a task when after it is assigned</p>
        <p>Step4: Write a review for completed task.</p>
        <br/>



    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
